capital = 43

oob = "HUN_1936"

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.5

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian_oligarchy
	last_election = "1918.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
add_ideas = {
	export_focus
	limited_conscription
	low_economic_mobilisation
}

set_technology = {
	tech_engineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
    synth_oil_experiments = 1
    basic_train = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	engine_tech_1 = 1
	
	aa_lmg = 1
	aa_cannon_1 = 1
	engines_1 = 1
	early_bombs = 1
	aircraft_construction = 1
	iw_small_airframe = 1
	iw_medium_airframe = 1
	iw_large_airframe = 1
}
add_ideas = {
	HUN_nongyeguojia
	HUN_minzufenzheng
	HUN_jinjiweijideyubo
	HUN_pangdadejundui
}


set_popularities = {
	national_corporatism = 18
	sacred_revivalism = 15
	leader_despotism = 1
	authoritarian_oligarchy = 7
	conservative_democracy = 10
	liberal_democracy = 5
	consociationalism = 7
	social_democrat = 16
	agroindustrial_socialism = 12
	moderate_socialism = 0
	council_socialism = 3
	vanguard_socialism = 6
}

every_owned_state = {
	limit = { is_core_of = ROM }
	start_resistance = yes
	set_compliance = 40
	set_resistance = 10
	set_garrison_strength = 0.5
	set_variable = { HUN_shaominfankang = -0.3 }
	add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = HUN_shaoshuminzufenzheng }
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Toldi tartály I.típusa"
	type = light_tank_chassis_1
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
		turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
		suspension_type_slot = tank_torsion_bar_suspension
		armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
		engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		special_type_slot_1 = secondary_turret_hmg
	}
	upgrades = {
		tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 5
		tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
	}
		icon = "GFX_HUN_basic_light_tank_medium"
}

set_autonomy = {
	target = MOL
	autonomous_state =  kr_default_puppet
	freedom_level = 0.2
}
country_lock_all_division_template = yes

recruit_character = HUN_Istvan_Tisza
recruit_character = HUN_Istvan_Bethlen
recruit_character = HUN_Mihaly_karolyi
recruit_character = HUN_Karoly_Peyer
recruit_character = HUN_Gyorgy_Lukacs
recruit_character = HUN_Tibor_Szamuely
recruit_character = HUN_Bela_Kun
recruit_character = HUN_ivan_hindy
recruit_character = HUN_karoly_beregfy
recruit_character = HUN_lajos_veress
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_feketehalmyczeydner
recruit_character = HUN_Aurel_Stromfeld
recruit_character = HUN_istvan_szechenyi
recruit_character = HUN_francois_deak
recruit_character = HUN_gyorgy_jendrassik
recruit_character = HUN_jeno_ratz
recruit_character = HUN_henrik_werth
recruit_character = HUN_hugo_sonyi
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_szombathelyi
recruit_character = HUN_gusztav_jany
recruit_character = HUN_dezso_laszlo
recruit_character = HUN_reszo_kastner
recruit_character = HUN_shvoy_kalman
recruit_character = HUN_sandor_magyarossy
recruit_character = HUN_bela_rakosi
recruit_character = HUN_kalman_kanya
recruit_character = HUN_jozsef_szell
recruit_character = HUN_vilmos_roder
recruit_character = HUN_zoltan_tildy
recruit_character = HUN_laszlo_rajk
recruit_character = HUN_kalman_daranyi
recruit_character = HUN_lajos_remenyi_schneller
recruit_character = HUN_gusztav_gratz
recruit_character = HUN_gyula_gombos_de_jakfa
recruit_character = HUN_otto_von_habsburg
recruit_character = HUN_franz_friedrich
recruit_character = HUN_vojtyech_luzha
recruit_character = HUN_josef_shnejdarek
recruit_character = HUN_richard_tesarzhik
recruit_character = HUN_sergej_vojcechovsky
recruit_character = HUN_frantishek_havlik
recruit_character = HUN_rudolf_viest
recruit_character = HUN_alois_vicherek
recruit_character = HUN_antonin_hasal
recruit_character = HUN_jaroslav_fajfr
recruit_character = HUN_jan_golian
recruit_character = HUN_karel_janousek
recruit_character = HUN_josef_frantisek
recruit_character = HUN_ludvik_krejci
recruit_character = HUN_karel_vaclav_petrik
recruit_character = HUN_karel_kuttelwascher
recruit_character = HUN_ludvik_svoboda
recruit_character = HUN_frantisek_havel
recruit_character = HUN_stefan_osusky
recruit_character = HUN_ferdinand_catlos
recruit_character = HUN_jozef_tiso
recruit_character = HUN_vojtech_tuka
recruit_character = HUN_konrad_henlein
recruit_character = HUN_gustav_husak
recruit_character = HUN_Janos_Zichy
recruit_character = HUN_Kalman_Daranyi
recruit_character = HUN_Pal_Teleki
recruit_character = HUN_Ausztriai_Josef_Agohst_foherceg
recruit_character = HUN_Tibor_Eckhardt_Pozsonyi
recruit_character = HUN_Janos_Vazsonyi
